---
layout: post
title: sort homework.
date: 2022-04-13 19:22
summary: Pixyll is available to you under the MIT license.
categories: jekyll pixyll
---

## Sort Basics

Pixyll is free and open source software under the MIT license, a _permissive license_.  You can use Pixyll without charge and it is provided to you, "as is", without warranty of any kind.

These are some of the rights for Pixyll since it is under the MIT license:[^2]

1. You can **copy** Pixyll by forking it on GitHub or by any other means of copying.
2. You can **use** Pixyll to publish your site without restriction or limitation.
3. You can **change** Pixyll as you wish, and you can publish your site with a modified version of Pixyll.
4. You can also **distribute** copies of Pixyll to other people.
5. You can also **distribute modified** copies of Pixyll.

Other rights you have of Pixyll under the MIT license:

- You can **sell** copies of Pixyll, including copies you have modified.
- You can **combine** Pixyll with other works that are under the MIT license, or other permissive licenses, a copyleft license or a proprietary license.  Pixyll already does this itself by using Jekyll, Ruby and other dependencies.
- You can distribute copies of Pixyll to others under either the MIT license or you can **relicense** Pixyll under another license.  This includes a different permissive license, a copyleft license or a proprietary license.

Your only responsibility is to preserve both the copyright notices of Pixyll and the MIT license in your copy or modified work.